encouraging corruption in the system. So everything stems from the
parents because if the parents show good examples to the children
by the way they conduct themselves, the children would turn out to
be like their parents whom they have seen living in particular
ways.”
Bazuaye, a social scientist by training, read industrial
administration at the University of Sawford, UK and also has post
graduate diploma in business administration from Sheffield
University, UK and has had various working experiences all around
Nigeria in the ministry, media and non-governmental organisation is
so particular about mothers playing their parental roles more than
any other person.
She stressed that though a woman needs to work to support the
income of the husband especially at this period, but in all of
that, she must not lose focus of her primary assignment as a
parent. “For me I believe that the upbringing of my children is my
sole responsibility and not somebody else’s. So no matter what I
do, I try to make sure that I do my bit and I think every mother
has to live up to that responsibility, no matter what work you are
doing.
“If you find yourself in a job that does not allow you time for
your family, I think you should re-examine yourself and know what
exactly you really want in life. Do you want the goodness of your
children, or is it your status or whatever you are seeking?
Sometimes you feel you are doing it for the children because you
want to give them the best, but if you truly examine yourself,
you’ll find out that you are doing certain things because you want
to belong to certain class.
“We have to have our focus right, we need to know what is really
best for our children at some point in time. So sometime you need
to re-address your career situation and see what you need to do to
adjust. It is important to have a career because it would empower
you economically and give you self-independence, but you also have